Abhishek K R

Mobile No - +91 8105274747
E-mail - abhishekkr01@gmail.com
Current Designation - Systems Engineer 
Currently Employed at - Infosys Technologies LTD

Curriculum Vitæ

Summary:



42 months of experience in Java with primary expertise in Enterprise 
application Development

 Currently working as Application Developer at Infosys Technologies LTD
 Have been a part of Banking and Capital Market division and  hence possess 

good knowledge in that domain

 Self motivated Team player and a Quick learner 
 Skilled at multitasking, interpersonal and written communications, 

prioritizing and decision making with focus on customer satisfaction and 
high team morale

 Have experience in System Analysis for Solutions, Designs, Development and 

Release activities in the software projects

 Have good knowledge in project lifecycle involving SDLC 
 Self-motivated, Flexible and co-operative approach, Organized and result-

oriented team player with sound problem solving and analytical, interpersonal 
and communication skills to help achieve team’s objective.

Skill Set:

IDE: Eclipse 3.x

 Technology: Java, J2EE,  JSP
 Frameworks: J2EE Frameworks – JSF and Struts

 Operating Systems: Windows
 Web Servers, Application server :Weblogic server.
 Reporting tools: Jasper(iReports 3.5.2) .
 Have undergone extensive training in Infosys Mysore for 6 months which cov-

ered the below topics

o JAVA,J2EE and OOPS concepts
o Unix
o JSF framework
o Oracle ,PL/Sql and RDBMS concepts
o Plain old Java objects(POJO)
o Java persistence API (JPA )
o HTML/JavaScript

Employment & Work Profile:

Present Employer
Designation 
Period  

: Infosys,Bangalore
: Software Engineer
: September 2009 – Present

Job Profile:

Worked as an application developer for a banking software for the client Citi Private 
Bank which is one of the leading Investment banks.
    
 Project Details: 

Worked on a project called Projectone. This project  mainly deals with the develop-
ment and maintenance of the CITI bank's internal website.
The banker uses this software to keep track of all the transactions and investments 
made by the customer. This software is primarily used by the banker for effective 
wealth management of the customer.
 Currently both Development and maintenance of the website is taking place by incor-
porating various enhancements to the website when requested by the clients. 

Technology and Processes: 

Major technologies used in this project are
 Weblogic 10.3 Application server
 Application development using Java/J2EE
 Oracle 10g database
 Front end design using JSP,Javascript

 Struts framework

Jasper tool to print reports.

Roles and Responsibilities:

 To  develop the application using J2EE, java ,JSP ,javascript technologies
 To understand the requirement and implement the same using SDLC.
 Documenting Use-cases and detailed design documents and 

getting them approved by the Technical leaders 

 To Develop the application and to do the unit testing of each module so as to 

deliver the defect free code.

 To act as a Technical Support as and when defects or issues have been raised 
by the testing teams and deliver the fix for the defect at the earliest.
 Defect tracking, prevention and Code reviews for maintaining 
quality of deliverables
 Release management activities  - Creating & managing 
branches , managing code merges and triggering builds 

 Have taken up additional responsibility of Configuration controller(CC) of our

project which mainly is concerned with taking regular build of the code and 
deploying the same on weblogic servers and also maintaining and updating the
code on a repository called VSS.

 Have extensive knowledge on a reporting tool called JASPER which is used to

print the data on the web in different formats like CSV,PDF etc. 

Academic Details:

Degree/ Certificate

School / College/ Board/ University

 Percentage

B.E –Electronics and

Communications

12th STD

10th STD

Dayanand Sagar College of Engineering,

Bangalore.

VTU, Belgaum.

Ex Municipal Junior college, Bellary.

Pre University Board, Karnataka.

April - 2005

Ashirwad High School, Bellary.

Secondary School Education Board.

March - 2003

70.92

80.5

84.6

Personal Details:
: Abhishek K R
Full Name
: Male
Sex
Father’s Name: Raghunatha Rao K
: September 21, 1987
Date of Birth
: Indian
Nationality 
: 8105274747
Mobile 


