Anvitha Tunikuntla					         Mail-id: anvithaavk@gmail.com
						                    	        Mobile No: + 91- 7760269324

Experience Summary:
3.2 Years of IT industry experience in Software Development.
Good experience in SDLC especially in agile
Experience in Core JAVA,Springs IOC, Servlets, Junit, Maven , Ibatis, Oracle PL/SQL,XML Beans  usage.
Aware of  XSL,C  and Unix languages
Quick learner and excellent team player, ability to meet tight deadlines and work under pressure.
  
Professional Experience:
Working as a Developer for Tata Consultancy Services , Ltd, Bangalore  from  February 2010 to till date.

Educational Qualifications:
Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech)  from Acharya Nagarjuna University, in 2009.Passed with 82.5%
Higher Secondary Education from Sri Chaitanya Jr College, in 2005. Passed with 94%.
SSC from St Mary’s English Medium School, in 2003 .Passed with 87%.

Technical Skills:
Languages			: Core JAVA, J2EE, Springs IOC,C
Databases			:  Oracle
Operating Systems		: Windows 98/XP/NT 
Projects Handled:

1. 	Title                               : EMS(Equifax Mortgage Solutions)
Client			: Equifax
Technologies		: Java, Springs, Servlets, Oracle, Informix db,XSL
Team Size		: 20
Period			: August 2010 to till date.
Role			: Developer

Description:

EMS is of Mortgage Solutions provided by Equifax. Equifax is a Credit Bureau company. Project description is like we basically provide credit reports to the customers (like banks who wants to provide loan to their clients).Credit reporting, the one which I worked is a migration from C based code to Java with effective usage of java mainly springs.
 The entire system was divided into 3 modules, which are front end, middle ware, report generation. The request which comes in and the response which gets generated both are XML’s. T he XML request which comes in gets validated for all the fields available as per the DTD specs i-e MISMO standards in the front end. If the validation is successful then a unique number gets generated and the same request is passed to middle ware. If the validation failed then an error message is sent to the customer in MISMO standard.
Middleware is mainly built with springs, asynchronous chain commands. When a request comes from the front end with the unique number then based on the test case(here we use SSN) and the request type, chain command gets invoked and the beans available in the particular command gets executed. Mainly pulling the data from the bureaus. We basically provide a tri merge report which contains the data of 3 bureaus ACRO, EXPERIAN, TRANSUNION. So middleware pulls the data from the three bureaus and stores in a table. Pulling the bureau information is also based on the client request.
When pull is done and if there is a data available in the particular table then all the three bureau pulled information is taken and is merged to provide best data out of it and stored in the respective tables. This particular operation call is also from middleware and based on the command called by action type(like the first transaction or retrieve or repull requests).
After merging the data from all three bureaus and data getting stored in the respective db tables, report generation program is called. The basic inputs of this report generation is the unique number and the report format which client requires. Report generation program is designed with ibatis, dozer mapping, XML beans and XSL’s. Using Ibatis DTO, DAO, sqlmaps were generated for the sql tables for retrieving the table data. Basic report format is standard MISMO XML report. If the information required in the report is same as in db table then they are mapped using dozer mapping. And if any information requires few calculations then a JAVA class is written which in turn called by the dozer mapping xml.
Report were of different types like MISMO 2x,1x,human readable format, PDF, HTML’s as required by the clients of EQUIFAX. Mismo 2x report is generated by JAVA code and for others style sheet(XSL) is used.
Next step of development is unit testing from developer perspective. JUNIT is used to test the respective components. Database is connected from JAVA code is through JNDI properties. After a successful run from JUNIT, code is deployed into the server using Glass fish in development and QC environments.





 Responsibilities:

Understanding the functional and business requirements.
Understanding the C code and translating it to JAVA.
Building a new component using maven commands.
Creating the DTO’s, DAO’s, Sql Map’s using Ibatis.
Writing a dozer map for DTO to XML bean.
Creating a new java class which creates XmlObject required for report.
Integration of springs, dozer mapping and java code.
Involved in Integration and unit testing of individual modules by creating a JUNIT class. 
Moving the integrated code to servers using Glassfish.
Responsible for the code movement to QC and fixing the defects. 
To move the code to production and standardize the code continuum which supports maven projects. Involved in building the code using continuum.
Involved in production support too.




Personal Details:

Name: Anvitha Tunikuntla
Father’s Name: Anand Tunikuntla
DOB: 28th July 1988
Address: No 3,Nagaraj Building,
  Beside Government school,
  Kundalahalli,
  Bangalore-560037
Passport No.: G2858377



