  
 Apoorv  Agrawal				            Email: apoorvagrawal56@gmail.com
31D, 2nd Flore Ashwath Nagar		            Mobile: +91-8971243475
2nd Cross, Marathalli,		         						
Bangalore - 560037                                                           
 IT Professional with Strong Technical Skills
                                   	                  C, C++, Linux.

Professional Summary

 Around 2 years of experience of Programming and Application Development in IT. 
Having good awareness of all phases of the software development, working on Agile process for software development.
Had been successfully involved in release of software to various operators like Avia-Turkey, Megafone-Russia, H3G-UK, KPN, TATA-India,LOOP-India,Swiss Sunrise, PCCW-China, Claro-Brazil and GLOBE – Philippines etc.
Proficient and proven abilities in C, C++ and certified  in ECQ (Enhanced Coding  Quatily) at Huawei level.
Excellent communication skills, quick learner.
Maintaining team spirit to achieve organization goals and time management skills..
Currently working as a part of maintenance team and supported many migration and upgrade.

 Education
       
B.Tech - Degree Thakral College of Technology from RGPV university Bhopal (M.P.)  

Work Experience

Currently working as Software Engineer at Huawei Technologies India Pvt. Ltd. (HTIPL) in Telecom Domain on SMSC from April 2011.

Technical Expertise

Software Languages:
C, C++ 
Tools:
Source Insight, Source Monitor, VSS,MS Visio, GDB,VCS (Veritas Cluster Server)
Operating System:
Windows, Linux.
Huawei Tools:
All SMS demo tools, Customized IPC Jira and fish Eye
IDE:
VC++, Linux
Version Control Systems:
Rational Clear Case, SVN
IBM Tools
Purify, Pure coverage, Quantify 
Protocols
Using  SMPP3.3, SMPP3.4, GSM, SS7, TCP/IP.

 Projects9
Huawei SMSE (C21 Series) 

Language        -     C, C++ 
Platform          -     VC++/Linux.  
Duration	 -     December 2011 – Till date.
Description:
SMSC is Short Message Service Center the application is made for Storing, Forwarding SMS in different networks like GSM, CDMA, TDMA.
SMSC is a part of GSM network which involve different network Entities such as HLR, VLR, MSC.
Entire architecture contains different modules which support Storing, forwarding, authentication, routing and bill creation of SMS. 
My Role:
Involved in developing Basic SMSC Environment and basic flows.
Providing Development support according to the requirement of customers.
Involved in support for the build maintenance.
As a team member implemented new features based on the operator requirement.
Team Size: 10 (Development Team)
Role in the Project:  Coding, Bug Fixing and Enhancement.




Huawei SMSE (2Db series) 

Language        -     C, C++ 
Platform          -     VC++/Linux.  
Duration	 -     June 2011 – November 2011.
My Role:
Involved in developing Basic SMSC Environment and basic Flows.
Providing Development support according to the requirement of customers.
Involved in support for the build maintenance.
As a team member implemented new features based on the operator requirement.

Team Size: 10 (Development Team)
Role in the Project:  Coding, Bug Fixing and Enhancement

Strengths
Ambitious and hardworking in nature. 
Quick adaptation to the new environment and ability to learn in a short time. 
To work with positive attitude, analyzing all kinds of situations with honest efforts. 
Fulfilling the specified task within the given time frame. 
	    
 Place: Bangalore		                                                     Signature 
       Date:                            
