CAREER OBJECTIVE

Use my best analytical and technical skills to solve business and technical problems and increase the company's profitability.

  PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY

Analyst Programmer, TATA Consultancy Services, Mumbai (Nov’ 09 – To Mar’12)
Key Responsibilities:
Responsible for System development on C, C++ tool
Responsible for System enhancement from 32bit to 64bit support
Involved in various phases of software development cycle like design, development, coding, testing and implementation
Interacting with clients regarding queries, follow up on identified issues and recommend corrective actions to ensure problem resolution
Worked as a developer, module leader and process management leader
Conducted training on process management at team level

Project Handled:
Project Name
HP-NED-OS-SMP
Client
Hewlett Packard
Duration
23/11/2009 to 07/03/2012
Team size
25
Tools/Skills
C, C++, TAL, Egarth, Einspect
Environment
Guardian, Unix
Description
The project deals with the development and maintenance of non-stop operating system. It deals with the process control and its management. Its domain comprises of the various phases of a process from its creation to its stop at the system level. Any bug reported on the functionality of the operating system needs to be handled and also the enhancement to enable the operating system for updated version of the operating system architecture.
Contribution
As a developer of the team handled various cases reported by sensitive customers
Involved in direct communications with customers as module leader of the process control module for design development
Individually handled a system enhancement from 32bit to 64bit for process control module
Conducted various process management trainings at team level

Software Engineer, Manhattan Associates, Bangalore (Mar’12-To Date)
Key Responsibilities:
Responsible for Module development in C++, Oracle PL/SQL.
Responsible for processes related to Client Technical Services Organization.
Involved in various phases of software development cycle like design, development, coding, testing and implementation.
Direct interaction with client regarding queries and identified issues and recommend corrective action to ensure problem resolution.
Conducted training related to Area Specialization- Wave module at company level.
Worked as developer and module leader.
Developed a script tool to enhance efficiency and productivity for post build activities.
Project Handled:
Project Name
Area Specialization-WAVE
Duration
12/03/2012 to till date
Team size
25
Tools/Skills
C, C++, Oracle PL/SQL
Environment
Windows, Unix
Description
The project deals with development and maintenance of warehouse management system. Our module domain comprises all warehouse internal activities from inbound to outbound functions. Internal activities include various steps from allocation to consolidation functionalities. Any bug reported on the functionality of the application needs to be handled and also the enhancement to enable application to behave as per requirement.
Contribution
As a developer of the team handled various cases reported by sensitive customers
Involved in direct communications with customers as module lead for customization and design development.
Developed a script tool for post build activities. It enhances efficiency and productivity.
Conducted Area Specialization training for AS-Wave module at company level.

 TECHNICAL SKILLS

Software / Tools					       Proficiency Level
C, C++, Oracle PL/SQL						Proficient
JAVA, UNIX, TACL, TAL, EINSPECT				Intermediate

 EDUCATION 

B. Tech 
(2005-2009)
Computer Science & Engineering
Sikkim Manipal Institute of Technology
8.55/10
XIIth 
(2003)
Science with Computers (CBSE board)
Delhi Public School, R. K. Puram, New Delhi
86%
Xth 
(2001)
CBSE board
Loyola High School, Patna
83%


  AWARDS & RECOGNITIONS

Awarded “TCS Gems” for an extra ordinary work at project level.
Awarded “TCS Gems” for an extraordinary work at the completion of one year
Awarded “Best Programmer” in 2008-09 for an outstanding performance in various programming contests
Awarded “Best Student” for on outstanding all round performance in 2008-09
Awarded “Best Vice-President” for organizing “VAASTUSASMITAM -08”  an inter college Cultural-Tech fest

  ACHIEVEMENTS

Developed software on Finger print Security mechanism to enhance the security at an individual level
Developed a Relational Database Management System (RDBMS) software in C++
Successfully modified an algorithm for enhancement of an image segmentation algorithm for satellite images as B.Tech major project
Participated in Asian region in international programming contest 2008 conducted by ACM
Worked as Vice-President in college for year 2008-09
Qualified All India Engineering Entrance Examination-05

 PERSONAL DETAILS

Marital Status:		Single
DOB:			20th Jan 1986
Languages Known:	Hindi, English
Nationality:		Indian
Passport Details:	K8350784
Personal Interests:	Movies and Listening Songs

ASHISH BHUSHAN
