                                                                                                                          

HARIHAR DAS






EDUCATION: 


Course


Specialization

University

Year
Bachelor of
Engineering
Computer Science and Engineering
Gauhati University
2010


EXPERIENCE SUMMARY 

Employer
From
To
Tata Consultancy Services Limited
Dec 2010
Till Date


Areas/Applications

Banking and Financial Services
IPDAY1 – Universal Landing Zone(ULZ)
Information Security – Security Review Monitoring

SKILLSET PROFILE

Operating Systems
WINDOWS NT/2000/XP/7, Windows Server 2008, Linux
Languages
Java, JavaScript, HTML, XML, C/C++
Database/ Database Tools
SQL Server 2008, Oracle 10g, SQL Server Management Studio, Oracle SQL Developer
Special Software/ Tools
Eclipse EE IDE, Putty, SSH Tectia, Citrix Client, Beyond Compare, Blade Logic, IRIS, IPMS, Knowmax, Archer






PROFESSIONAL CERTIFICATES 	

Certification
Date Certified
IBM Certified Associate Developer - Rational Application Developer for WebSphere Software

30th  April 2010


IBM Certified Database Associate - DB2 9 Fundamentals
19th  March 2010


CAREER PROFILE
Since Dec, 2010			Tata Consultancy Services
Project #1:

Project
IPDAY1 – ULZ Initiatives
Period
June 2012 –Till date
Client
Bank of America. USA.
Role
Team Member
Line of business of the client
Banking
About the Client
Bank of America, headquartered in Charlotte, is one of the largest banks in the world. Bank of America provides several products and services to its customers. Other than customer savings account, they provide Merchant services, credit card, mortgage and many other products. Bank of America has entered into a Master Agreement with TATA Consultancy Services to utilize its offshore development services.
About the project
Universal Landing Zone (ULZ) receives and processes image based transactions captured from multiple front-end channels, such as ATMs, RDSo etc. Bank of America customers are able to perform check deposits at the ATM and Teller Counters without any need for deposit slips or envelopes. The information of the deposit along with the image of the check is supplied electronically to the ULZ system for processing the deposited transaction. Automatic recognition of the amount and the check information takes place in the ULZ system. ULZ associates may view check images and check information at the same time for verification purposes. If a correction is made to an Image ATM deposit, the correction notice is sent to the customer. This notice is called Advice notice that will have an embedded image of the deposited item(s) and details of the correction made to the customer’s account. After the processing by the ULZ system, the details of the deposit information are sent to the CPCS system (external to ULZ). The CPCS system posts the deposits (credit/debit) to the customer accounts.
Responsibilities
Involving in major Development and enhancement tasks
Providing value adds to the application
Prepare HLDs, LLDs and Project related documents
Testing the system at Unit, Integration and System level
Perform testing and deployment of update packages sent by third party software provider
Communicate with the Onsite 
Participate in onsite/offshore/client meeting
Operating System
Windows XP/Vista, Windows Server 2008
Languages
Java, C#, Informix, Sql server 2008, Oracle, HTML, XML
Work Location
TATA Consultancy Services, Bangalore

Project #2:

Project
Security Review Management
Period
March-2011-May-2012
Client
Ameriprise
Role
Team Member
Line of business of the client
Banking
About the project
Any third party vendor who wants to do business with Ameriprise needs to go under various information security reviews as per standard guidelines of the bank. SRM team sends out standard questionnaires to third party vendors for their applications. The vendors return the filled in questionnaires and SRM team reviews those for all compliance checks. After completion of review, the SRM team shares review comments with the vendor. It also provides suggestions for closing security gaps if any. Only once the SRM team gives a green status to a vendor or an application that vendor goes with next steps for carrying out business with the bank. The whole workflow is tracked through Archer and an in-house portal which together act as central source of truth between vendor representative, bank LOB and the SRM team.
Responsibilities
Involving in major Development and enhancement tasks of the in-house portal
Providing value adds to the application
Prepare HLDs, LLDs and Project related documents
Testing the system at Unit, Integration and System level
Perform administrative role for Archer 
Operating System  
Windows XP
Languages
Java, J2EE, Silverlight, Sql server, Oracle
Work Location
TATA Consultancy Services, Bangalore
Personal Details
Date of Birth			
July 25, 1987
Sex
Male
Nationality
Indian
Marital Status
Single
Date of Joining
December 13, 2010
Designation
Assistant Systems Engineer
Location
Bangalore
Passport Details
H6141579
Issued at Guwahati on 13/07/2010
Valid up to 12/07/2020
Driving License Details
AS-0120110103156
Issued at Guwahati on 16/08/2011
Valid up to 15/08/2031


