
RESUME

HITESH MANGLA                                  MOB - 9886311074
                                                                   hiteshmangla@gmail.com 

OVERVIEW 

An effective communicator with good relationship building and interpersonal skills, strong analytical, problem solving and organizational ability. 

Education

B.Tech. (E&C)    2004-2008         C.G.P. – 8.3        N.I.T. Kurukshetra
12th                     2004                   91.6 %              M.L.N. Public School Jind        
10th                     2002                   84.5 %              G.V.M. High School Jind

PERSONAL EXPERIENCE

Designation: Senior Software Engineer
Company    : Alstom Project India Ltd.
Current Location: Bangalore
Duration     : July’08 to Till now.
Skills           : C#, C, C++, WPF, XML, HTML, javascript, ADA
Tools used  : Visual Studio, TestComplete, RTRT, ClearCase etc.

Skills & Projects

Project Name: Gateway HMI
Details: Gateway HMI is used to convert the input data files(XML, Excel) into different formats that are compatible for a tool named “Sigart” used for data preparation for sub-systems in high speed trains.
My Role: To implement new features in HMI for the new version of Gateway.
Skills-Used:  C# .NET, WPF, MVVM. 
Duration: 2 Months

Project Name: Driver Assistance System
Details: DAS is driver machine interface used in high speed trains.
My Role: To implement change request (CRs) for the new DAS version.
Skills-Used:  C# .NET, HTML, javascript, SQL database. 
Duration: 5 Months

Project Name: IDP tool
Details: IDP offline tool is used in Alstom for ATS(automatic train supervision) data-preparation.
My Role: To implement the new requirements for the new IDP version.
Skills-Used:  C#, Understanding of railways signaling concepts, XML, XLS.
Duration: 2 Months

Project Name: CIXL Boolean Decompiler
Details: CIXL Boolean de-compiler is used to convert S3 records into Boolean equations. S3 record is a format in which Boolean equations are converted to make it readable to virtual machine.
My Role: To write C Code for SIL4 (highest safety integrated level used in railways for safety) systems.
Skills-Used:  C, knowledge of SIL4 guidelines, Understanding the requirements.
Duration: 1.5 years.

Project Name: GADS_Evolution
Details: GADs tool is used to generate safety data for ATC system.
My Role: To enhance the tool by adding new modules in source code for newer versions.
Skills-Used: CPP, ATC (automatic train control) system domain knowledge.
Duration: 4 Months

Project Name: Hanzelijn Test Scripts
Details: Writing test scripts for testing data files and Boolean equations that are the basis of interlocking in high speed railway lines in Europe.
My Role: To convert test requirement into test scripts using Test Conductor script language. 
Skills-Used:  Analysis of railways signaling concepts, test-script language
Duration: 3 Months

Project Name: TDMS (Train Data Management System)
Details: TDMS is Train Data management system.
This application software runs on central unit board of ATC (automatic Train control). This software handles the database management and data transfer between various on-board equipments.
My Role: To implement the CRs (change requests) by updating the source Code in C.
Skills-Used: C, ATC (automatic train control) system domain knowledge.
Duration: 3 Months

Project Name: CIXL_GS_GP-MT
Details: CIXL is application software that handles the data transfer between various application software and equipments of trackside ATC (automatic Train Control).  
My Role: To prepare MD (module description) for the system functions of CIXL_GSGP.
Skills-Used: ADA language, C. 
Duration: 2 Month

Project Name: CIXL_GS_GP-DataBuilder2.	
My Role: Integration Testing of Source Code in C++ and C#.
Skills-Used: C++, C#, RTRT tool, Integration testing concept.
Duration: 4 Month

Project Name: U-200 ATP (Automatic Train Protection)
Details: U-200 is a solution for High-speed train and metros' automatic operation and      protection. ATP (automatic train protection) is responsible for the protection of train automatically.
My Role: To implement CRs (change requests) of application software by updating the source Code in C and B-Method.
Skills-Used:  C, ADA, U-200 system knowledge, B-Method 
Duration: 2 Month

Internship project:-

Project Name: Correlation Peak Detection in Electro-Optic Correlate
Details: Designing embedded system for 2D FFT implementation on the FPGA board as the part of DRDO project “Correlation Peak Detection in Electro-Optic Correlate”. (in IIT Delhi)
My Role: To develop C Code to implement 2-D FFT on FPGA Board of Xilinx.
Skills-Used: Knowledge of FFT (Fast Fourier Transform), C


Personal Information

Father’s Name       : Shyam Lal Mangla
Date of Birth         : 03rd Dec, 1986
Hobbies               : Cricket, Solving Puzzles
Languages Known : Hindi, English
Address                  : #52D-1, Munnekolala, Bangalore-37
                               
 
   Recommendations from current employer:
Excellent Analytical skills for problem solving
Flexible in working with hardware and software.
Sharp Learning Curve
Excellent aptitude and IQ
Sincere in attitude

Declaration
I do hereby confirm that the information mentioned in the resume is true to the best of my knowledge.

Date: January 04, 2013                                                                  Signature
Place: Bangalore                                                                          Hitesh Mangla
