


Jaculin Beula Devadhas			91-74112-82297
									Jaculin.beula@hcl.com

Professional Profile

A dynamic professional working with HCL for 2.5 years as Software Engineer .
Responsible to develop, test, build java applications and developing launcher shell scripts(ksh)/windows scripts(cmd) and Control-M jobs.
Hands-on experience in LOAN IQ.
PPM Sheet automation developed by me in VBA got org- level recognition.
Proven ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously.
Worked as configuration controller for the previous project

Domain Knowledge

Banking and Finance
Corporate and Commercial Lending(Loan Servicing)
Capital Markets

Products Worked on
Loan IQ

Domain Certification
Basics of Banking

Technical Skills

Operating System 
Windows Family , Unix 
Technologies 
Core Java, J2EE(jsp, servlets, spring) 
Build Tool
Ant
Server
Apache Tomcat
Database
IBM DB2
Tools
Eclipse IDE, Control M, VB Editor, MS Office, Adobe Photoshop
Source Control
CVS, VSS 






PROJECTS HANDLED

CMBS warehouse Reconciliation and Break sheet Generation 

Client: Deutsche Bank, NewYork
Team Size: 2
Role: Java Developer(Core Java),Tester,Shell Script and Control-M Developer
Period: 2 months
The tool gets the upstream file from their server using SFTP protocol and does reconciliation based on the comparing rules mentioned in the configurable properties file.The tool prepares the break sheet reports with aging and send the reports to the users through e-mail. Aging helps the operation team to make out the age(in days) of unresolved breaks from its occurrence date. All the break records are stored in database for further reference.
The same tool is used for two different interfaces by configuring the application with the help of properties file and xml file.

Batch Monitoring Automation 

Client: Deutsche Bank, NewYork
Team Size: 1
Role: Requirement Analyzer , Java Developer and Tester (J2EE – JSP,Servlet,JFreecharts)
 Period: 3 months
This Monitoring is used for comparing the batch performance using historical data in terms of time 
efficiency in the form of graphical representation like bar charts, Gant charts etc .The tool gets the historical data from the database and produce the batch performance reports for the given period(daily/weekly/monthly).Previously, the performance reports where produced by noting the data in excel with a lot of manual interventions. This report generation got simplified with this tool.

Effort spent  before automation:30 minutes

Effort spent  after automation:2 minutes


Trigger Range Migration to Control-M

Client: Deutsche Bank, NewYork
Team Size: 2
Role: Control-M and Shell Script Programmer, Tester
Period: 5 months
Previously 10 of the major interfaces like Foreign Exchange Rate Daily updater ,Reconciliation and Break Sheet reports, Treasury reports for all the regions,smart stream reports, CMBS ,XFI ,IDMS breaksheet reports and couple of downstream feeds were scheduled and triggered based on the trigger status set in a table called VDB_trigger_range.These jobs use polling methodology. The daemon will poll on the table  for TRIGGER status to kick start the report generation scripts for all interfaces.
The non-user friendly scheduling had been replaced with Control-M jobs which helped to achieve easy maintenance.
157  unix scripts(region specific scripts) were remodeled to 33 generic scripts(runs for various regions by parameter passing) which decommissioned 10% of our project source code inturn yielded a increase in performance and easy maintenance.
The polling methodology had been redesigned to Triggering methodology which reduced the resource utilization for great performance.

Technical Control validator for incoming feeds

Client: Deutsche Bank, NewYork
Team Size: 1
Role: Java Coder and Tester ,Windows cmd  programmer
Period: 2 months
The Validator performs verification and validation of incoming feeds before processing to ensure that the information arrived without flaws from the source.
This utility does the following validation,
Checks the checksum of the file
Checks the row count to ensure that the file is not partially arrived.
Checks the sum of the amount column against the total  mentioned in the input file.
     The validator is compatible for fixed length and variable length input files.
     The validator is configurable with the help of properties file.
	Precision can be set for validating the amount column to ensure accuracy of nth digit.


DTCC Break clearer 

Client: Deutsche Bank, NewYork
Team Size: 1
Role: Requirement Analyzer , VBA Macro Developer for MS Excel and Tester 
 Period: 15 days
Depository Trust & Clearing Corporation is the third party to whom the bank send their positions as agent/lender.  DTCC does the clearance of lender and borrower outstanding/positions. Due to human error, some of the positions were rejected from the DTCC portal. These breaks were cleared by manual queries prepared by the IT person by increasing or decreasing the outstanding to the actual value.Usually the breaks arrived will be in  multiples of 100 which consumed huge manual effort.
This  tool was designed to reduce the manual effort spent on writingbreak clearance queries. The tool generate clearing queries just by a click.

Effort spent  before automation:20 minutes

Effort spent  after automation:<1 minute


Result Set Comparison tool

Client: Deutsche Bank, NewYork
Team Size: 1
Role: Requirement Analyzer , Java Developer and Tester(Core Java)
 Period: 2 months
Result comparison tool was designed to reduce the manual effort spent on comparing 
report results of production and UAT databases. It is a generic result comparison tool 
which could be used for most common result comparison activities
to compare result-set of a given table name with specific filter condition
to compare result-set of a given procedure output
to compare the result-set of a given query
The tool is configurable with the help of properties file which contains the database details and the input query/procedure name.


Effort spent  before automation:10 minutes

Effort spent  after automation:2 minutes

Automated Process, Product Measure tool  –value add


Client: HCL Technologies
Team Size: 1
Role: VBA Macro Developer for MS Excel and Tester 
 Period: 1 month
Process Product metrics is the performance predictor tool of the project.
PPM stands for Process Performance Measure.
The main objective of the metrics calculation is to ensure that the right process is followed by the right people for delivering the right products which are Better, Cheaper and Faster than the expected deliverables.
If not , this calculations explain the root cause for the deviations in the process and provides the solution to be followed in future.
The metrics calculations is mandatory to know the state of our project Quality. 

The calculations are very crucial which got derived from every month project data. Previously the project data are filled manually which consumed a lot of human effort .Hence I came with the idea of automating it and developed a tool using VBA macros which fills the data and does calculation just by a click of button.
The tool is used by other projects in HCL.

Effort spent  before automation:9 hours

Effort spent  after automation:15 minutes




Conference Attended
Great Indian Developer  Summit-Java Conference
Apr 19-2012

Other Achievements
Awarded as Difference Maker for organizing events for employees in HCL


ACADEMIC PROFILE

Computer Science , Bachelor of Engineering				79.28%

Coimbatore Institute Of Engineering and Technology, Anna University,

Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India.	

August 2006 – May 2010

Board of Intermediate(State Board)		84.08%

Don Bosco Higher Secondary School, Dharmapuri, Tamil Nadu, India.

June 2004 – April 2006

SSC(State Board)    							  93.60%

Duthie Higher Secondary School, Nagercoil, Tamil Nadu, India.

June 2003 – April 2004

Personal Details
Father’s Name:		N.Devadhas
Mother’s Name:		S.Litta Mabel
Date of Birth:		10-Aug-1988	
Languages known:	Tamil,English
Address:		2/917.1,
Opp to RS Water Tank,
Nelli Nagar,
			Dharmapuri.
Pincode-636701. 	
 


DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the Information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge

 Date: 
Place: Bangalore                        			  (Jaculin Beula Devadhas)                         
