
Experience Summary

Over 30 months of development experience in telecom domain as Project Engineer in Wipro Technology.
Worked on complete software development lifecycle and also supported at PLM level. 
Recipient of Excellence Award in Global Media Telecom.
Delivered Seminar on Product architecture and tool concepts (like GTK, Clearcase etc) within and across project teams.

Educational Qualification and Certifications
Title of the Degree with Branch
College/University
Year of Passing
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science and  Engineering

Sir M. Visvesvaraya Institute of Technology, Bangalore

      2010
Technical Skills
Platforms
Programming Languages
Unix/Linux
C/C++, Shell Scripting, Basic knowledge of SQL 
Concepts

Software and Tools     
Telecommunications, Networking, Multi process synchronization, debugging, Unit & Module  testing.

Rational ClearCase, GTK, Hilti tool, Cygwin, Citrix, Netsim, Rational Purify, Coverity, Eggplant, Bullseye, VI editor

Hardware
Network Configurations, Computer servicing and assembling experience, 
     Alcatel AS 1000 Switch and MGC 5020 Switch

Internal Certifications & Achievements
Wipro UCF C 1.1
Wipro UCF Unix Sys CPP 2.1
Recipient of Excellence Award’ in Global Media Telecom

Project Details 
Organization:	 Wipro Technologies 	( Aug 2010 to Present )
 
Projects

1.  OSS-RC

Client                                      Ericsson
Description		         Operation Support System for Radio & Core (OSS-RC)’      functionality: To manage, configure, monitor, troubleshoot and upgrade the various network available i.e. wireline, 2G, 3G, core etc.

Project Type                           Development
Operating System                   Unix                 
Role                                        Developer C/C++
Period                                     March 2012 – present

Application/Tools Used:
Rational ClearCase
GTK
Vi editor
Cygwin
Netsim
Citrix
Rational Purify
Coverity
Eggplant
Bullseye
Responsibilities and Achievement:
Worked in ERIC_PLATFORM team of the project.
Developed different features of GUI using GTK for command handling and interacting with nodes. C/C++
Evaluated and recommended tools and technologies to improve productivity in areas like coding and testing.
Active participation in all level of System Development Life Cycle. 
Contributed efficiently in Product Lifecycle Management (PLM).
Supported other teams on issues related to command handling.


2.  MULTICORE-S12-MGC12

Client                                 Alcatel Lucent
Description		   The System is a telecom Switch which has 2 divisions. 
1. AS 1000 Switch: Legacy system which has proprietary Operating System and uses messages for all the inter process and inter subsystems communication purposes. This is supported in both PSTN and ISDN networks.
2. MGC 5020 Switch: Using new technologies like MGC and Protocols like MEGACO, SIP and in Unix platform. 

Project Type                      Development
Operating System              Unix                 
Role                                    Developer C/C++/CHILL
Period                                November 2010 – February 2012

Application/Tools Used:
Rational ClearCase
Vi editor
Cygwin
Responsibilities and Achievement:
Worked in Kernel & Server Platform team of the Project MULTICORE-S12-MGC12. 
Being in Kernel team handled tasks related to Alarms reported and Trunk test module, and GUI.
Developed solutions in Patches, Macros, and Module level. C/C++
Developed a new tool to trace inter process, inter thread communication in Unix.
Created utility scripts which will automate the process of solution implementation.
Developed Macros which will implement the solution directly in the field.
Coordinated with Protocol team, Charging team, Tech team, ORJ team, Call handling team to check the impacts when solutions were given. 
Mentored freshers in their initial level project trainings.
Supported juniors and colleagues in solving their tasks.


	

Contact Details
Gender 			 Male
Date of Birth			 28th Oct 1987
Contact No :			 +91-9986785407
Email : 			tripathy.janmejay@gmail.com
Communication Address : 	c/o N. Srinivas
     	No. 215, 5th main,
     	6th cross, Venkatapura,
     	Koramangala, Bangalore
     	Pin- 560034

Declaration

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to best of my knowledge.


Date: 20/03/2013                                                                     
Place: Wipro Technologies
           Bangalore                                   				   JANMEJAY TRIPATHY
									
