
Jayashree Prabhu	 E-Mail:jays21.prabhu@gmail.com	Contact: +91-9538784774

Seeking middle level challenging job assignments in Software Development Life Cycle with an organisation of high repute


Professional Preface
A dynamic and result oriented professional with 2 years 6 months of experience in Software Development Life Cycle including Application Programming, Unit Testing.
Currently working with Misys Software Solutions (India) Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore as a Associate Software Engineer
Expertise in development of software products from requirement analysis to system study, coding, unit testing, de-bugging.
Expertise in Core Java, JDBC,OOAD, Oracle, DB2 & XML,HTML.
Working Knowledge of SOA and work-flow based system.
Skilled in various modules of a Core Banking System.
Knowledge of deploying applications on JBOSS.
Possess excellent interpersonal, communication and analytical skills with demonstrated abilities in customer relationship management. 

Career Chronology

Since July’ 10 with Misys Software Solutions (India) Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore

The Growth Path
July’ 10-May’ 11		            Graduate Trainee
June’ 11-Till Date		Associate Software Engineer

Attainment
Recognised for the excellent work in the development of the BankFusion Universal Banking product for Misys Software Solutions (India) Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore during Apollo 9 release during nov’ 11- feb’ 12, Received an appreciation letter from CEO of the Company Mr. Micheal Laurie.

Cleared the Universal Banking Level 1 Certification Exam.



Areas of Expertise

Technical

Programming Languages	:	Java
J2EE Technologies		:	JDBC
Databases			:	DB2 and Oracle10g 
Application Servers	            :	JBoss
Version Control		:	CVS, VSS & SVN
Tools				:	Eclipse 4.1, 
MS Office  2003 / 2007, MS Excel 2007.

Functional

Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) & Application Testing
Gathering requirement specifications for application development; knowledge of database design & development. 
Expertise in tuning the application for performance related issues. 
Interacting with users for system study, requirements gathering, analysis, implementation and testing of system. 
Executing software development systems in organisation.
Handling development, testing, troubleshooting and debugging of the applications.


Project Executed


Title		:	Bank-Fusion Universal Banking (UB).
Technology	:	Java, Oracle 10G, Hibernate & BankFusion Platform
Durations	:	Since Oct ‘10.
Role		:	Java Programmer

Description        :	As a member of the Performance enhancements team, was brought into the team to help stabilize the product and steer the same to a market leader position. 

My key achievements during working on this project are as follows
Established software development standards and processing, including Java coding standards.
Worked on several modules within Universal Banking. 
Participated in the Performance Lab which involved in tuning the application to perform faster. The results were much appreciated by the entire organization as we achieved a performance improvement of over 300-400%.


Product	:	Bank-Fusion Universal Banking (UB).
Module		:	Treasury Module, FX Module.
Technology	:	Java, DB2 9.7 & Misys proprietary Platform BankFusion.
Duration	:	Jan’ 11- Jun’ 11.
Role		:	Java Programmer

Description        :	My key role during the course of working on this project has been around the Support of the various modules. 

My key achievements during working on this project are as follows
Worked on various modules of UB, Worked as a part of Implementation Support,
And fixed Issues which were critical, Followed the standards.
Quality of development was much appreciated by the organization. This was demonstrated by achieving a defect detection rate that was around 70% lower than the average.




Product	:	Bank-Fusion Universal Banking (UB).
Module		:	Standing Orders.
Technology	:	Java, DB2 9.7 & Misys proprietary Platform BankFusion.
Duration	:	July’ 11-Nov’ 11.
Role		:	Java Programmer

Description        :	This was a Project worked on Agile methodology.
                                    My key role during the course of working on this project has been around the development of the CRUD operations for Standing Orders.

My key achievements during working on this project are as follows
Developed and unit tested the code within a short period of time and maintained standards, which was appreciated by the manager and the team.
Interacted with the Business Analysts and testing team to help identify potential issues and gaps in the release.




Product	:	Bank-Fusion Universal Banking (UB).
Module		:	Party On Boarding and Party Management.
Technology	:	Java, DB2 9.7 & Misys proprietary Platform BankFusion.
Duration	:	Dec’11-Feb’12
Role		:	Java Programmer 

Description        :	My key role during the course of working on this project has been around the Party Consumption in Universal Banking (UB). I have been part of the team that has been responsible for the design and development of the Party On Boarding and Party Management Process. 
Agile Methodology was followed.
My key achievements during working on this project are as follows
The Party was developed as an Independent module from UB to replace the Customer creation in the UB.
I involved in the Party Consumption activity in UB, which involved interaction with the DBA to change the Database structure and testing of all the modules which uses a customer. 


Product	:	Bank-Fusion Universal Banking (UB).
Module		:	Setup Group limits- Country/Industry wise enhancements within Bankfusion Apollo Program.
Technology	:	Java, DB2 9.7 & Misys proprietary Platform BankFusion.
Duration	:	Feb’12-  Mar’12
Role		:	Java Programmer 

Description        :	My key role during the course of working on this project has been around the development of the application and unit testing. I have been part of the team that has been responsible for the design and development of the Group limits- Country/Industry wise enhancements within Bankfusion Apollo Program . 
Agile Methodology was followed.

My key achievements during working on this project are as follows
Involved in end to end development of SetUp Group limits.
Developed test cases before the development which was then used for unit testing of the code developed.
Made modifications to the existing functionality of Account Opening process for Loan Accounts and Current Accounts, to include the Industry Maximum Limits 
Interacted with the Business Analysts and testing team to help identify potential issues and gaps in the release.

	
 

Academic Credentials

Bachelor of Engineering (Information Technology)
                                Nitte Mahalinga Adyanthya Memorial Institute of Technology,(NMAMIT, Nitte)- June 2010.


Qualification
Name of Examination
Year of Passing
Board / Univ.
Institution
Percentage
Graduation
B.E(IT)
2010
     VTU
   University	
Nitte Mahalinga Adyanthya Memorial Institute of Technology, Nitte Udupi Dist. Karnataka.
72.79%
XII
HSC
2006
Karnataka Secondary State Board
Sri Bhuvanendra College, Karkala. Udupi Dist.
Karnataka
83.50%
X
Matriculation
2004
Matriculation
KMES school, Karkala.
Udupi Dist.
Karnataka
93.28%


Personal Minutiae

Date of Birth	:	07th November 1988
Address	:	#380, Sai Ram Pg. 23rd Main. 2nd Stage Bangalore.

