Jignesh Rathi

Contact No.   :     +917795362495(M), 0294-2463992(R) 			Email id   :   jr_jignesh@yahoo.com

Objective:

To apply my skills, knowledge and experience for the benefit of organization with opportunity of career advancement, while gaining knowledge and developing new skills and expertise. And also, spend a special part of life for welfare of humanity.

Profile:

2+ years of experience of successfully designing, developing and implementing client specific requirements and methods for intelligent message routing rules using Java, Xml, Oracle.
Experienced tutor skilled in Java, J2EE, C, C++, Dot Net, DS.
Expertise in Java, DAO, MVC and Object Oriented development.
Experienced in the analysis and design of the application using UML and design patterns.
Strong problem solving skills coupled with confident decision making for enabling effective solutions leading to high customer satisfaction and low operational costs.


Employment Background:

Tata Consultancy Services Limited, Bangalore.				December 2010 – Present                            

Systems Engineer (Developer)

Project: Service Integrator 

Service Integrator is a module of TCS BaNCS, and is responsible for intelligent routing of messages between two banking systems using different protocols.

Responsibilities:

Responsible for developing various methods for applying various rules on different types of messages for intelligent routing using Java, Xml and web services with Oracle as database.
Responsible for providing solution for issues in the existing product as a part of implementation team too.
Handling various technical aspects like project documentation, code review, system design & integration.
Testing and Quality assurance both Unit and Integration testing to make the code base more refined.

Recognition:
Received Star Of The Month award for developing critical custom functions with-in the time lines without any SIRE raised from the client side.




Educational Qualifications:

B.Tech. from Swami Keshvanad Institute Of Technology, Mngt. And Gramothan, Jaipur (RTU, Kota) with aggregate 80.81%(2010).
Stream: - INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY.   
Senior Secondary from Guru Nanak Sr.  Secondary School, Sector-4, Udaipur (Raj.) (R.B.S.E.) in SCIENCE-MATHS with 87.69% (2006).
Secondary from Vidhya Niketan Secondary School, Sector-4, Udaipur (Raj.) (R.B.S.E.) with 81.33% (2004).
Technical Skills:

Languages          	:	Core Java, J2EE, Dot Net, Php, C, C++, SQL
Servers		:	Weblogic Application Server 
Others		:	Data Structure, JMS, MQ, Web Services

Certifications:
Sun Certified Java Professional 6 (Oracle Certified Professional for Java Programming 6).
Microsoft HTML5 CSS3 JavaScript certified (070-480).
IBM certified Rational Application Developer 7.5 for WebSphere Software V6.0.

Training:

TCS In-House Training:
Three months training on Core Java, J2EE and SQL.
Training on Spring Framework.
Training on Ajax.

During College: 
One month Summer Training from Pyrotech Electronics Pvt. Ltd. Udaipur (Raj.).
Infosys roll-out campus connect training.
Infosys soft-skill training.


Achievements and Extra Curricular Activities:

Created an application “News For You” for Windows8 App Fest 2012 of Microsoft which is now a Guinness World Record Event.
1st position in I.T. department of college.                                                                                                                        
2nd position in final round of distinguish student in Aspiration-2020 at INFOSYS (2009).
1st position in ‘No Plastic Week’ Suggestion and ‘e-book collection’ competitions (by NEN).
Selected for Maharana Mewar Foundation Annual Awards (2007).
Selected for Award by Bharat Vikas Parishad-Subhash in the field of Cultural and Literary Activities (2003).
Represented School and college in various quizzes, debate and essay writing competitions.

Personal Snippets:

Date of Birth		:		21st Sep, 1988 
Nationality		:		Indian
Permanent Address	:		62, New Shiv Nagar, Nokha, Hiran Magari Sector-4, Udaipur (Raj.) India
Linguistic Skills		:		English, Hindi

References:
Available On Request
