
Jitendra Kumar
C/O-Ganesh Poojari,
House Number: 103, Kullappa Colony,
Jeevan Bima Nagar
Bangalore-560 075
+91 9886936750
E-mail:   jitendrakumar1110@gmail.com

Summary:

2 Years and 4 months of Experience in TCS in Software Development.
(Core java,j2ee,Oracle database,Spring and hibernate)


Professional Experience:

Systems Engineer		                  May’12-Present
TCS				Project: Terminal Management System (TMS), EFTPOS Devices
				Client: Commonwealth Bank of Australia
Role: Involve in the development and Enhancement of TMS web based Application using Core java, J2EE, spring and Hibernate, oracle databases. Used spring integration framework in the 	TMS application. Involve in the fixes of defect raised for the application. Used IBM WebSphere Servers and IBM WebSphere MQ.
Description: This project used TMS application to manage the terminal like EFTPOS, IWL devices etc. Using this application we create terminals, products, software, applications according to devices. We have the facility like create, delete, update and manage the terminals.


Assistant System Engineer		Oct’11-May’12
TCS				Project: Trade Finance (TF3)
				Client: Deutsche Bank, Singapore
Role: Involve in the development and Enhancement of backend Application TF3 using Core java, oracle databases. Designing and writing the test cases for the various releases. Involve in the fixes of defect raised for the application. Executed the test cases after the deployment of the application.
Description: Trade Finance, a Corporate Banking application, developed by Deutsche Bank (DB), TFCoC, Singapore. The application supports entire range of functions involved in the business of Trade Finance such as Letters of Credit, Import Bills Negotiation, Import Bills Purchases, Shipping Guarantees, Bank Guarantees, Export Bills Purchase, Export Bills Negotiation, Packing Credits and allied products. The application is interfaced with Core Banking System, Electronic Banking System, SWIFT, and Risk Management.  Interfaces like DBDOC / DB Internet Banking.



Assistant System Engineer-Trainee	Jan’11-Oct’11
TCS				Project: Trade Finance (TF3)
				Client: Deutsche Bank, Singapore
Role: Involve to the Component Integration Testing (CIT) and functional testing (SIT) of Trade Finance product through backend application (TF3) for a European based MNC bank. 
Understand the functionalities of the new enhancement towards TF3 application from the functional analyst.
Writing up the test scenarios, test concept document and preparation of test cases for new enhancement.
Help team at the time of execution of the test cases in case they have any doubts.
Module wise review of tests executed.
Enhancing the test cases creation and quality execution.
Defect analysis, logging and tracking through HP Quality Centre.
QA and Regression Testing in SIT before UAT initiation.
Involve in the execution of the Regression test cases and updating of the object and script in  Automation tool HP QTP (Quick test professional) and SmarTest  Framework 

Description: Trade Finance, a Corporate Banking application, developed by Deutsche Bank (DB), TFCoC, Singapore. The application supports entire range of functions involved in the business of Trade Finance such as Letters of Credit, Import Bills Negotiation, Import Bills Purchases, Shipping Guarantees, Bank Guarantees, Export Bills Purchase, Export Bills Negotiation, Packing Credits and allied products. The application is interfaced with Core Banking System, Electronic Banking System, SWIFT, and Risk Management.  Interfaces like DBDOC / DB Internet Banking.



EDUCATIONAL DETAILS
2010: Bachelor of Engineering (BE) from Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belgaum with 73.03 % marks.
TECHNICAL SKILL EXPERTISE

Skill Area
Duration
Rate on a scale of 1- 10
(10 being the least)
JAVA               (Sun Certified Programmer for the Java        Platform, SE 6(SCJP) with 95% marks.)
8 months
3
J2EE     (Certificate in Web Component Development Using Java Technologies) from NIIT.
8 months
4
Infosys campus connect for technical and soft skills
3 months
2
TCS Business Domain Academy: Certificate in Trade Finance L2
3 months
3

AREAS OF TECHNICAL INTEREST


Core JAVA,J2EE,Spring and Hibernate, C,C++,Oracle Database, JavaScript,Shell Script, Data Structures, SQL Query, Analysis and Design of Algorithms, UNIX, Linux ,Basic of MySQL ,CSS, XML,HTML.




ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENTS


1>  Participated in National And State Level Technical Symposium in different colleges and achieved participation certificate on the topic ‘Cloud Computing’,’ Red Tacton’, and ‘Artificial Intelligence –Ant Colony Optimization In Solving Travelling Salesman Problem’.

2> A mini project on the topic ‘TIC TAC TOE GAME’ using OpenGL and C Language. 


ACADEMIC PROJECT
Project Title
Implementation of Classification Algorithm Using Data Mining Concepts for Hydrological Problems
Duration
4 months
Team size
4
Project Description
This project is concerned with the implementation of the classification algorithm in the Weka –data mining software; in this we have integrated our algorithm “SimpleFuzzyGrid” in the rules section of the classification menu. By using this algorithm we got the better classification output in comparison to the other existing algorithm and this output can be used for further prediction on different problems and data sets including Hydrological problems.
Hardware
Computer with well functioned equipment.
OS
Windows XP
Software
Net Beans IDE, WEKA Software.

HOBBIES/ INTERESTS

Playing computers games, watching movies and listening to music.      
PERSONAL DETAILS
Date of Birth 
04-Mar-1987
Present  Address
C/O-Ganesh Poojari,
House Number: 103, Kullappa Colony,
Jeevan Bima Nagar
Bangalore-560 075
Permanent Address
S/0-Mr. Markanday Kumhar,
1 BR Colony, Qt. No.-50R,
P.O.-Bachra,Dist.-Chatra,
P.S.-Piparwar,
Jharkhand-829 201
Nationality
Indian
Marital Status
Single
Gender
Male
Languages known
English, Hindi



DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge.

Place: Bangalore								           Jitendra Kumar
