						
Jitendar Mandali
				         Email: jitendar7@gmail.com
						       Mobile: 91-9036058589, 9490934547

Career Objective 
 To obtain a position with an organization utilizing my strong programming and analytical skills combined.

IT Experience
Total IT experience of 3.6 years. 1.4 years of experience in ITC Infotech (Bangalore) in Core Java, Android, 1.8 years of experience in Capgemini (Hyderabad) in Core Java, 6 months of experience from IIIT Hyderabad, worked as an intern.

Designed & developed an android application called ‘SMS Scheduler (TimeUrSMS)’, PicPuzzle over duration of 2+ years. 

Independent Product (Android App) Development

Name: ‘SMS Scheduler (TimeUrSMS)’
Category: ‘Communications’
Links: 
https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.app.smstimer.free
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/jitendar-m/b/6a5/3b0
http://stackoverflow.com/users/1039844/jitendar
Available: Online
Current Version: 1.1.0
Works For: Android 2.1 and above
Description: Schedule the SMS at a particular date and time
Various options available for the app are
Today:
Gives you the list of SMS's that are scheduled for the current date and time.Once scheduled you can view, edit, delete, disable/enable the SMS. Once your sms is sent the sms entry is automatically deleted in the Today option and appears in the History, giving you the details of sent sms.

Tags:
Scheduled SMS's can be tagged to a name using the 'Add Tag' option available in the 'add new message' option available on the top of the main screen. Tags allow you to easily filter for specific scheduled SMS's. You can view, edit & delete the SMS at anytime. You can use tag names like Anniversary wishes, Birthdays, Christmas, Good Morning, Good After Noon, New Year wishes. 

History:
Stores the sent messages both successful & unsuccessful attempts, sorted based on the latest SMS sent. Click on the individual message's to view the details about the scheduled SMS.

Technologies/Frameworks used:
Core Java, Android Framework 
Admob 6.0.0 (advertising SDK), MobFox 1.5 (advertising SDK) used for monetizing. 

Professional IT Experience

Company:							        Duration: 1.4 years and till date
ITC Infotech, Banglaore

Client:								 
Danske Bank (Denmark)
 	
Technical Environment: core JAVA, Android, Mainframes
Team size: 3 Members.
Development: Agile Development
Project Description:
Mobile Payments
A customer can attach his/her bank account to their phone number using the mobile application (subscribing for the mobile payments service) for sending payments. 
Customers use the bank’s payment service to transfer money to other customer using their phone numbers as the key.
This service run’s 24X7, so the customer’s can transfer money instantly unlike in net banking. 

Role: Software Developer
	Developing the android/java components which interact with the backend interface like registerUser, showPayments, sendMoney etc... which are developed in mainframes. 


Company:							    	Duration: 1 year, 8 months
Capgemini, Hyderabad

Eclipse Plug-in: Effort Logger
Technical Environment: core JAVA, Eclipse IDE
Team size: 5 Members.
Description:
A software tool specifically designed to capture effort and defect information of projects developed in eclipse environment (Java).
This plug-in record’s project names, life cycles, and deliverable definitions, so as to accurately determine how developers spend their time.

Eclipse Plug-in: SLOC (Software Lines of Code)	  			       
Technical Environment: core JAVA, Eclipse IDE
Team size: 5 Members.
Description:
To help estimate the productivity of developers work. 
It provides the user with a brief report on the similarities and deviations between the two java files with respect to LOC (Lines of Code).




Employer:									           Duration: 6 months
IIIT Hyderabad, CETLS

Designation:									        
Software Developer

Description:								
Worked on the Design and Development of the English Language games for Rajiv Gandhi University of Knowledge Technologies for CETLS research center of IIIT Hyderabad.


Other Achievements
Achieved all India GATE percentile of  97.4 %(Electronics Engineering)


Education
MS in Information Technology (MSIT)                                                                     2007-2009
            IIIT, Hyderabad in collaboration with Carnegie Mellon University, Pittsburg                  78%   
B.Tech –Electronics and Communication 						 2007
CVR, JNTU university, Hyderabad  	                                                                               75.17%
Higher Secondary – Intermediate							 2002           Ratna Junior college		                                                                                           92.7%
High School – SSC									 2000
	G. Pulla Reddy High School, Hyderabad        				                   83.4%
                                
                                                                                         
Technical Skills

Operating systems		    : Android OS
Programming Languages	    : OOPS, Core Java (Generics, Collections, Serialization, 
                                              Multi Threading, Data Structures), C
Scripting Languages                : Perl, Python
Databases 			    : DB2, Sqlite


Personal Details

Date of Birth: 6th June 1985
Full Name: Jitendar Mandali

Strengths
Good problem solving, programming & debugging skills.
Very strong and solid programming, fundamentals and skills in Core Java
Can take Initiative for new activities.
Good Communication skills
Good logical and analytical skills
Good Team Player
Other Interests
Developing Android Applications
Listening Music
