Kaushalendra Singh
H No. 1220 Akshaya, 10th Cross, Gokulam 3rd stage, Mysore - 570002
Email: kaushalendraasingh2007@gmail.com
Mobile: +918861960793

CAREER OBJECTIVE
I am seeking to serve as a Developer for an organization which provides healthy environment to work with opportunities for career growth and stability.
                                                                                    
Professional Experience

Senior System Engineer with 2.6 years of experience in Infosys Limited involving Property, Auto and Boats insurance domain that includes Application development, Maintenance, and Production Support.
Experience in handling all the stages of the Software Development  Life-cycle involving Requirement Analysis,  Design, Test Case Preparation, Build & deployment, Test Case Execution, Defect Prevention, Management and Fixing. 
Experience in Enterprise Application development, frameworks, Design patterns, architecture and specifications.
Communicating directly with the Clients, BA team and across with the other independent parties on resolving issues.

Educational qualification
B.Tech in Computer Science from ABES Engineering College, Ghaziabad (affiliated to UPTU) securing 69.76% (2006-2010)
Class XII from Kendriya Vidyalaya Airforce Station Bareilly (affiliated to CBSE) securing 73.00% (2006)
Class X from Kendriya Vidyalaya Airforce Station Bareilly (affiliated to CBSE) securing 84.60% (2004)

Technical Skills
Skill Type
Skill Name
Programming
J2SE, J2EE (Servlet, JSP, EJB, Web Services), SQL, Design Patterns
Frameworks
Struts, DWR, TILES, Hibernate
Development Tools
IBM RAD, Eclipse
Web Technologies
HTML, JavaScript, XML, WSDL
Server
Websphere Application Server 7.0
Configuration Management
Clearcase, ClearQuest, HPSM
Domain
Financial Services and Insurance
Project Details

Project#: I

Client Name		Allstate Insurance, USA
Project Title		Alliance - Allstate House and Home Base State, Bundle 4, 6, 7, 8, 9
Project Duration	July 2011 – Jan 2012 and Apr 2012 – Till Date
Team Size		15-20
Technology / Tools	J2EE, Struts framework, DWR, TILES, JUnit, JavaScript, XML, WSDL, RAD, ClearCase, ClearQuest, WAS 7, QTP, Service Now
Project Description	Allstate has ALSTAR as a mainframe application, used to process and generate policies covering Homeowners, Renters and Condos. It seeks to modernize the aging ALSTAR legacy platform with a SOA and component-based J2EE application ALLIANCE. This migration program is carried out in 2 phases – firstly Base state implementation and then Expansion phase with bundles of states.

Responsibilities and Contributions:
Analyzing the requirements and creating technical design documents from the requirement artifacts.
Preparing Unit Test and Integration Test Plans.
Planning and performing Defect Prevention activities
Coding and preparing JUnits for java classes in the business layer.
Refactoring code for optimization and robustness.
Tracking through Requirement Traceability Matrices.
Creating QTP scripts which can be used for all the rollouts.
Executing the Test Plans, JUnits and QTP scripts.
Keeping track of merge conflicts and resolving them.
Participated in peer and group reviews of the project documents.
Analyzing and fixing the defects found in Unit, Integration, System, Regression, Final Acceptance and User acceptance  testing phases
Active participation in KM activities which involves KT to new joiners, Tool for tracking and maintaining database of the application

Project#: II

Client Name		Allstate Insurance, USA
Project Title		Alliance – Auto Production Support
Project Domain		Auto Insurance
Project Duration	Feb 2012 – Mar 2012
Team Size		6
Technology / Tools         RAD, ClearCase, ClearQuest, J2EE, Java Struts framework, AS400, WAS 7, HPSM
Project Description	The maintenance support is provided for the Auto projects in production. 

Responsibilities and Contributions:
Providing with the transaction fix (correcting the transaction data in order to let the Agent continue his business)
Replicating, analyzing and fixing defects reported for the Production states.
Testing and Impact analysis for the code fixes.
Keeping track of and assigning the defects to the team members.

Project#: III

Client Name		Allstate Insurance, USA
Project Title		Alliance – Boats Base State
Project Duration	April 2011 – June 2011
Team Size		8-10
Technology / Tools	J2EE, JUnit, Struts, RAD, ClearCase, ClearQuest, AS400, WAS 6
Project Description	Introduction of new line of business (Boats Insurance) along with Property, Auto and Motorcycle Insurance in Alliance application.

Responsibilities and Contributions:
Analyzing and fixing defects in QC, regression and user acceptance stages.
Creating and Executing the Test Plans and JUnits.
Analyzing and reporting security threats to the application.



Certifications

Technical Certifications in JEE Technology
Certification in IQ Foundation(Process)
STAR Infoscion (Behavior)

Trainings Attended
Course
Conducted By
 RDBMS, OOP, Unix, User Experience Design and Web Technologies.
HTML/ JavaScript, Oracle, JAVA, POJO, JPA, EJB 3.0, Struts, Hibernate
INFOSYS LIMITED
Core JAVA, J2EE
DUCAT, Noida

Personal Details
Date of Birth
18th Aug, 1989
Sex
Male
Marital Status
Single
Languages
English, Hindi 
Permanent Address
Vill–DADANKHERA, P.O–Korsam, Tehsil–Bindaki, Dist.–Fatehpur (U.P), PIN - 212665
Passport Number
J2872115
                                                                                                                                                                                              
Declaration
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge & belief.


Place:  Mysore, Karnataka
Date:   January 16, 2013								Kaushalendra Singh
