
Kingsuk Sarkar
Mobile: 09731575464			Email: kingsuk.sarkar.oracle@gmail.com, kingsuk248@yahoo.com


PROFESSIONAL OVERVIEW

Solutions-focused, team oriented Applications Developer with experience in the full life cycle of software design process including requirements definition, prototyping, design, coding, testing, maintenance and support in Oracle Financial Services Software Limited, Bangalore.
Working experience from March 22nd 2010 till date in R & D department of Universal Banking Products (Design, development, enhancement, support and maintenance of RAD Tool, In-House Tools and other utility tools) in Oracle Financial Services Software Limited, Bangalore. 
Working proficiency in Core Java, JSP & Servlets, PL/SQL, JavaScript, ASP.NET, HTML, XML, XML DOM and CSS.
Proven ability to develop innovative solutions for increasing reliability and improving productivity.
Has been awarded “We Applaud” for contributions to the organization.
Has also worked as Transaction Processing Officer from April 2009 to December 2009 in Mphasis an HP Company which has highly enriched insight into client/end-user requirements and expectations.


TECHNICAL SKILLS
Languages
Working proficiency in Core Java, JSP & Servlets, PL/SQL, JavaScript, ASP.NET, HTML, XML, XML DOM and CSS.
Familiar with C programming language.

Software and Technologies
Eclipse IDE, JDeveloper IDE, Apache Tomcat, PL/SQL Developer, Microsoft Visual Studio 2005, Microsoft Office, Microsoft Windows.

Domain
Banking/Financial Services (Universal Banking Products).


ACADEMIA

B. Tech (EE)
West Bengal University of Technology
81.80%

Higher-Secondary 
Kendriya Vidyalaya, Cooch Behar
68.80%

Matriculation 
St. Mary’s High School, New Cooch Behar
81.20%



WORK EXPERIENCE

Associate Application Developer at Oracle Financial Services Software Limited (March 22, 2010 till Date).
Transaction Processing Officer in Mphasis an HP company (April 2009 – December 2009).

 
INDUSTRIAL PROJECTS

DDL Tool
Usage	: This system was developed to provide version control of various database objects such as data definitions, schemas, static data, data dictionary, etc relating to Flexcube functions and provide other information thus enabling the user to view and manipulate them with ease.
Duration			: January 2011 till Date.
Languages/Platform used	: Core Java, JSP & Servlets, PL/SQL, JavaScript, HTML and CSS.
Synopsis	: Prototyping, Design, Development, Support, Enhancement and Maintenance of DDL Tool.
Specific Contributions	: Lead the conversion of DDL Tool from .NET technology to JAVA technology. Developed the data dictionary, online help functionality of DDL to support the functional enhancement of Flexcube from 11.1 versions. Incorporated foreign key concept in DDL to aid Flexcube data maintenance for newer versions. Modularized scripts generated by DDL Tool.


Trax Tool
Usage	: This system was developed to associate XSDs with various operations performed in Flexcube, generate XSDs, corresponding XMLs, documentation, configuration specs of web services and service implementation file required to build EAR file. 
Duration			: January 2011 till Date.
Languages/Platform used	: ASP.NET, Java Script, PL/SQL, HTML, CSS.
Synopsis	: Prototyping, Design, Development, Support, Enhancement and Maintenance of the In-House Tools.
Specific Contributions	: Developed the XML generation feature from XSD. Developed a windows based tool which takes the XML as input and generates PDF service documentation. Enhanced XSD modification feature so as to give end users greater flexibility to modify XSDs from the front-end.



Bugz (In-House Tools)
Usage	: Used to give developers and testers an easy–to–use user interface for communication. This tool gives detailed record of bugs raised and resolve across various releases and implementations of Flexcube.
Duration			: January 2011 till Date.
Languages/Platform used	: Core Java, JSP & Servlets, PL/SQL, JavaScript, HTML and CSS.
Synopsis	: Prototyping, Design, Development, Support, Enhancement and Maintenance of the In-House Tools.
Specific Contributions	: Developed Project Dashboard and User Dashboard feature in Bugz. Developed mail intimation interface and feature relevant to bug raised.


Prism
Usage				: Used for project and resource management in the organization.
Duration			: March 2011 till Date.
Languages/Platform used	: Core Java, JSP, Java Script, PL/SQL, HTML, CSS.
Synopsis	: Prototyping, Design, Development, Support, Enhancement and Maintenance of the In-House Tools.
Specific Contributions	: Developed employee data capture screen, report generation screen based on access rights. Developed screen showing organization hierarchy based on search criteria.



Pixel, Documentation, Star, Word Counter, Active Directory, Naming (Utility Tools and Applications)
Duration			: January 2011 till Date.
Languages/Platform used	: ASP.NET, Java Script, SQL.
Synopsis	: Design, Development, Enhancement and Maintenance of the utility tools and applications to automate various tasks and processes.




RAD(Oracle MICON) Tool
Usage	: This tool has been designed to assist developers in designing screens with the capability of generating front end scripting files, PL/SQL Packages, static data scripts and XSDs. This is the most widely used Tool in the organization.
Duration			: July 2010 to December 2010.
Languages/Platform used	: Core Java, JSP & Servlets, PL/SQL, JavaScript, HTML and CSS.
Synopsis	: Development of cross-browser capability of RAD, functional and technical enhancement, support and maintenance of RAD Tool.
Specific Contributions	: Developed modular generation of Data Extraction functionality (generation of HTMLs and INCs), modular generation of Bulk Extraction functionality (generation of packages, scripting files, packages, XSDs). Developed cross-browser compatibility of RAD Tool (Mozilla and Chrome apart from IE).



ACADEMIC PROJECTS

Summer Training(NTPC Farakka Limited)
Practical Training at Chittaranjan Locomotive Works.






PERSONAL DOSSIER

Date of Birth		: 24th August 1985.
Father’s Name		: Sukharanjan Sarkar.
Mother’s Name		: Anima Sarkar.
Gender			: Male.
Marital Status 		: Single.
Language Proficiency	: English, Hindi, Bengali.
Hobbies			: Computer gaming, playing guitar, cricket.
Personal Strength	: Confident, Diligent, and a devoted Team Player.


PASSPORT Details

Name as on Passport	: KINGSUK SARKAR
Passport No.		: G8838939
Place of Issue		: KOLKATA
Date of Issue		: 17/06/2008
Date of Expiry		: 16/06/2018

PAN Details

Name as on PAN Card	: KINGSUK SARKAR
PAN No.			: BRCPS5220A


