
Kiran Kumar Chivakula
E-mail: mailtochivakula@gmail.com
Mobile-no: 7676222154

Profile Summary:

Having 3.5 Year of professional work experience in IT industry as PL/SQL and JAVA Developer.
Good technical knowledge on Flex cube 7.2 and 11.3.
Expertise in design and coding in interface systems
Proficient in SAP BO technology
Good knowledge on web logic deployment issues and well aware of whole process of deployment. 
Working on UI, Database applications
Strong Domain knowledge in E&U and Financial Domains.
Experience on all Stages of SDLC cycle.
Proficient in tracking, Fixing Defects by using tools Quality Center, IBM Clear Quest, flex-assist, flex- support.
Hands on experience on UNIX OS.
Sound knowledge in Preparing Functional documents, Detail design document, test Plan, Test data, Test cases, Test Summary report, Requirement Traceability Matrix and Release Notes. 
Identifying, documenting and tracking the Defects, Anomalies and potential improvements identified during testing.
Career Path:

Working as associate consultant in Oracle India Pvt Ltd.
Worked as a Project Engineer in Wipro Technologies, Bangalore from Dec 2009 to May 2011
Done internship at GE health case for 4 months. 

Software Skill Set:
Databases
Oracle 9i, Oracle 10g
Languages
SQL, PL/SQL,JAVA,C++
Testing/Productivity Tools
TOAD, Sql*Plus, SQL Developer Plus

Software Engg Methodologies
Software Database/Manual Testing, Secure Coding Standards.
Test Management Tools 
IBM ClearQuest ,i-assist, i-support, BugZ, BugDB
Domain Knowledge
ENU - (Energy and Utilities), Financial operations
OS
Version Control
Application servers
Microsoft Windows, UNIX
IBM Rational Clear Case, VSS, SVN
10g and web logic





Certifications:
Wipro internal certifications-- UCF(Unified Competency Framework)  Oracle L1.1


Professional Achievements:
Stood as topper in training conducted by Wipro technologies.
Got FIMC (Feather in my cap-Wipro Internal award) for my dedicated and efficient work.
Received prestigious we applaud and i-appreciate awards in Oracle.


Education:
2004 to 2008
Bachelors in Technology (IT) - “73.67%”, JNT University
2002 to 2004
Board of Intermediate Education (MPC) - “85.7%”
2000 to 2001
Secondary School Certificate(SSE) - “79%”



Project #1: 

Name	:	Flex cube 11.3 Migration
Module	:	NA(migration project).
Role	:	Developer
Client	:	FBN Bank, London
Duration	:	Dec 2011 to Present
Environment	:	PL/SQL Developer Plus, SQL * Plus.
Tools     	 :  RAD, IBM Clear Quest, BugZ, i-suport, i-assist.
Technologies      :  JAVA, PL/SQL,SQL, SAP BO Reports

Responsibilities:
Web logic deployment of flex cube application.
Issues involved in deploying ear files.
Data migration from 7.2 to 11.3 with large volume data.
Import and exports of dumps.
Developed new Bo reports for LC module using stored procedure universe and universes.
Addressed issues related to flex cube application launch.
Involved in entire front and back end deployment with migration scripts development.
Developed migration scripts LC module.
Involved in BUG fixing at IUT, ITR, UAT levels.

Description:
FBN Bank, London is currently using Flex cube 7.2 for their bank transactions as part of this project FBN Bank will migrate their application from 7.2 to 11.3.This project mainly portioned into 3 Sections.
1. Environment set up.
2. Migration
3. Testing and ITR issues fixing.

Project #2: 

Name	:	TRS enhancement
Module	:	Consumer Lending
Role	:	Developer
Client	:	ACC Bank, Ireland 
Duration	:	Oct 2012 to Dec 2012
Environment	:	PL/SQL Developer Plus, SQL * Plus, Putty, Win SCP.
Tools     	 :  RAD, IBM Clear Quest, BugZ, i-suport, i-assist.
Technologies      :  PL/SQL, SQL, Oracle Forms 10g, SAP BO Reports

Responsibilities:
Forms application deployment.
Developing new sub screen. 

Description:
	As part of Irish Budget government introduced new tax slab which allows the user who took loan for the purchase of their first house can be get benefit of 40% exemption from tax. This is implemented as part of this enhancement.


Project #3: 

Name	:	AXA Bank
Module	:	Consumer Lending.
Role	:	Developer
Client	:	AXA Bank
Duration	:	May2011 to Dec2011
Environment	:	SQL Developer Plus, SQL * Plus.
Tools     	 :  RAD, IBM Clear Quest.
Technologies      :  JAVA,PL/SQL,SQL


Responsibilities:
Designed and Developed Rate Fixation Enhancement in CL module.
Functional Test case preparation and execution based on the Functional specification.
Involved in preparation DS, PS and FS Documents.  

Description:
AXA bank is Using FLEXCUBE 10.2 for its core banking applications. Rate fixation enhancement provide bank to new feature which will allow to save CL contracts with different rate of interest in different slots with fixed or variable number or slots.

Project #4: 

Name	:	UBS web logic migration
Module	:	Migration project
Role	:	Developer
Client	:	UBS Bank, London, UK 
Duration	:	May 2011 to Dec 2011
Environment	:	PL/SQL Developer Plus, SQL * Plus, Putty, Win SCP.
Tools     	 :  IBM Clear Quest, BugZ, i-suport, i-assist.
Technologies      :  PL/SQL, SQL, Oracle Forms 10g

Responsibilities:
Forms application deployment.
Migration of all forms from 6i to 10g.
UT and defects fixing.

Description:
	As part of this project UBS Bank London migrated from 10g As to web logic.



Project #5:

Name	:	IIP Aggregator
Module	:	Database Application,
Role	:	PL/SQL and UNIX Developer & Tester
Client	:	National Grid Gas Corporation (U.K)
Duration	:	Nov 2010 to May 2011
Environment	:  SQL, PL/SQL, Oracle, UNIX Shell Scripting.
Testing Tools       :  Sql*Plus, TOAD, IBM Clear Quest, IBM Rational Clear Case
Technologies      :  JAVA,PL/SQL,SQL


Roles and Responsibilities: 
Analysis of Client specifications.
Development of DB.
Test case review and execution.
Reporting defects for the failed test cases and tracking the status on the daily basis. 
Fixing the Defects rose in Clear Quest.
Involved in preparation ST Document.
Unit Testing, Functional/Backend Testing (Database) and Production Support. 

Description:
This project deals with the implementation of interface between IGMS, DN and UKT systems. 
Aggregator will receive the files from DN replacement systems consolidate and segregate according to destination system. 
Mostly consolidation process will do by Aggregator. So, it’s named as Aggregator.  

Project #6: 

Name	:	MIPI ETP
Module	:  Reports
Role	:	Pl/Sql and UNIX Developer 
Client	:	National Grid Gas Corporation (U.K)
Duration	:	Dec 2009 to Nov 2010
Environment	:  Sql*Plus, PL/SQL, Oracle.
Tools     	:  Sql*Plus , TOAD, IBM Clear Quest, IBM Rational Clear Case
Technologies      :  JAVA,PL/SQL,SQL




Responsibilities:
Developing Pl/SQL Packages, Triggers and procedures. 
Analysis of Client specifications and Test Plan Preparation.
Development of DB Objects.
Functional Test case preparation and execution based on the Functional specification
Involved in Performance tuning and analysis.
Reporting defects for the failed test cases and tracking the status on the daily basis. 
Fixing the Defects rose in Clear Quest.
Created Test Data for Demos, UAT testing & reporting testing.
Involved in UT,ST,SIT & UAT testing


Description:	
MIPI ETP stands for Market Information Provision Initiative European transparency project. 
The main objective of this project is to display National grid gas operations to public domain. 
There is regulation in UK that gas operations should be published to public domain from 2002. 
This project is enhancement of the existing MIPI site including receiving more files from GEMINI and IGMS. 


Personal Information:	

Name	:	kiran kumar chivakula
Fathers Name	:	Venkata durga prasad.
DoB                               :        20-Aug-1986
Residential Address         :         NO. 8-3-7, 
                                                   Lawyer pet,Ongole..
Linguistic abilities	:	English, Telugu, Hindi.
Nationality                       :       INDIAN

	
