
Kundan Kumar


Mobile:91-8147652600                                               E-Mail :k7kundan@gmail.com

 Summary of Experience

3+years of Experience in IT Industry in Developing JAVA and J2EE applications using Web logic, Tomcat, Eclipse Broad Vision.
Good Experience in Developing Applications using JAVA and J2EE (JDBC, JSP, Servlets, Broad Vision, Java Script, Struts, and Hibernate).
Work on both agile and waterfall development techniques.
Skilled in requirements analysis and project documentation.
Able to communicate effectively with both technical and non-technical project stakeholders .
Expertise in current and emerging trends and techniques.
Proficient in coding and developing the new programs.
Experience in Struts Framework.
Experience in Dax Framework.
 Experience in BROAD VISION 7.1
Experience in J2EE Design Patterns.
Experience in Hibernate Framework.
Experience in XML.
Knowledge in java Script  
Knowledge in   Log4J, CVS, Eclipse, CSS. 

Organizational Experience 


Hewlett-Packard global Soft(HP) Sep2012 to till
Tech Tree It System Pvt Ltd May 2010 to July 2012
Academic Background
 
B.Tech from CUSAT(Cochin University of Science and Technology)
12th From BIEC Patna



Skill Set

Operating System		: Windows 98/2000/XP
Languages			: Java, Java Script, SQL, HTML, XML
J2EE Technologies		: JDBC, Servlets, JSP
Frameworks			: Struts, Hibernate, Dax Framework.
Technology            	: Broad Vision.
Database                         	: Oracle, My Sql
Web Server           	: Internet information Server (IIS), Tomcat
Application Servers	: Broad Vision, Web Logic.
Design Pattern 		: Dao, Singleton, J2ee
IDE			          	: Eclipse
Miscellaneous		: SVN, CVS

Project #1                                                                                        Date: Sep 2012 to till

Project Title		 : eComCat
Client Name		 : Hewlett Packard
Team Size 		 :12
Environment		 :Core Java, JSP, Java Script, Struts, Dax Framework, Web Logic, Jdbc , JBuilder, Toad
Database			 :Oracle 9i,PL/SQL
Application Server  	 : Web Logic
Design Pattern		 : Dao, Singleton,Mvc

Description:
. Catalog management includes data sourcing, customization and publishing. The first stage is the data sourcing. Here all the information needed for catalog management is aggregated. Various sources provide the data required. These sources are Eclipse, GPSY, PATSY and a few other sources. These sources contain product, pricing, purchasing, order management and all other necessary information
Next section is the customization section. Here is where Ecomcat is into action. It contains its own worldwide database called WW ECOMCAT PIT DATABASE. The ECOMCAT catalog engine which is present works with this database to provide the required customization. The final stage is publishing. In this stage the ECOMCAT engine outputs the catalogs into third party tools such as E-Prime, E-Procurement and traditional Non E-customers

Responsibilities: 
Responsible for writing Struts Action classes for the controller layer.
Responsible for writing the JSPs page for the presentation layer.
Used Struts Tiles and Validation Framework.
Implementing Dax Frame work.
Written Java Script for the client side validation.
To written the log message in log file used Log4j
Responsible for Software testing and quality assurance
Responsible for software analysis, code analysis, requirement analysis and system risk analysis
Identify new technologies for implementation
Prepare software designs as per the requirements of the clients
Modification of existing software to improve its performance
Used design Pattern techniques in modeling the components

Project #2                                                                               Date: Dec 2011 to Aug 2012           

Project Title		: Payment gateway Module
Client Name		: Malayala Manorama
Team Size 		:7
Environment		:Core Java, JSP, Java Script, Struts, Hibernate, Web Logic and Oracle, Toad
Application Server	: Web Logic
Design Pattern	           : Dao, Singleton, MVC

Description:
M4marry is Kerala's Biggest Malaya lee Matrimonial Site. It helps to search the Kerala brides and grooms Partners from all communities in the world .This is a complete wedding portal.
Visitors can Register Free and   quick for this site. After register the form visitor can search the soul mate easily. After the Registration   visitors can change the password, update the Address, Contract Information, Visitor can search the partner as he preferred match. 

Responsibilities: 
Responsible for written Struts Action classes and JSPs.
Responsible for written the Broad Vision 
Used Struts Tiles and Validation Framework.
Written Mapping Documents.
Written java Script for client side validation.
Identify new technologies for implementation
Prepare software designs as per the requirements of the clients
Modification of existing software to improve its performance








Project #3                                                                               Date: Feb2011 to Dec 2011

Project Title		: Online Banking
Client Name		: May bank  Malaysia
Team Size 		:10
Environment		: Java, JSP, Servlets, Java Script, Struts, Hibernate, Web Logic.
Database			: MySql
Application Server      : Web Logic.

Description:
Web-Banking Module is an Internet Banking Application. It provides very useful features to the bank customers who have registered for Internet banking facility. It is a free registration facility provided by the bank. Once the customers register for online banking facility, they will be provided with a USERID and a password to carry out the online transactions in a secure manner.  Some of the main online Banking features include.

Responsibilities: 
Responsible for writing Struts Action classes.
Responsible for writing the JSPs.
Used Struts Tiles and Validation Framework.
Written Hibernate Mapping Documents.
Responsible for written the Persistence class in hibernate
Written java Script for the client side validation. 
Identify new technologies for implementation
Prepare software designs as per the requirements of the clients
Modification of existing software to improve its performance


Project #4                                                                              Date: May 2010 to Feb 2011
Project Title		: Online News Portal
Client Name		: Malayala Manorama
Team Size 		: 10
Environment		: Java,Jsp,Servlet ,Java Script, Broad Vision, IIS and Oracle
Application Server	: Broad Vision 7.1
Web Server		: IIS

Malayala Manorama: is a daily newspaper in Malayalam Language published in the Kerala India. It was first published as a weekly on 14 March 1890, and currently has a readership of over 20 million 
It has 32 publications all over India in five languages
Responsibilities:
Responsible for writing Programs , Channel , Content, Category
Used Struts   Validation Framework.
Written Mapping Documents.
Written Broad vision
Written java Script for client side validation
Identify new technologies for implementation
Prepare software designs as per the requirements of the clients
Modification of existing software to improve its performance



