                                             

Madan Kumar M
Email:   madan.m.kumar8@gmail.com 
Mobile: +91- 9986743710 



Professional Experience

3 years of experience in software industry.
Working as Systems Engineer in Tata Consultancy Services Bangalore, from January 2010.

Major Skills

Proficient in 
Core JAVA
GIT
Identity Management
Scripting
Hibernate

Knowledge of 
SQL 
Web Technologies like HTML, JavaScript.

OS Platform: Windows XP

Work Experience:

Company: Tata Consultancy Services (TCS)
Designation: Systems Engineer 
Domain: Banking and Financial Solution
Duration:  January-2010 to Till Date



Project Details:


TCS ILP Training

Period
JAN-2010 to MAY-2010
Description
TCS ILP Program is an initial training programme consisting of two parts. A generalized program, which concentrates on the grooming skills of an employee, and a specialized program, which is technology oriented.
Role
Assistant System Engineer
Skills
Oral and written communication, Professional grooming and Etiquette, Software Development Process, Requirements Engineering, System Design Overview, Reviews, walkthroughs & Inspections, Testing and Debugging, Software Maintenance, Object Oriented Concepts, OOAD using UML, Database Management Systems.




TCS FS - Architecture

Period
 May-2010 to October-2010
Description
TCS FS – Architecture is a product team, which delivers its products to both internal teams in TCS and external Clients throughout the world. This is the core architecture of the TCS – Bancs product.  
Role
Assistant System Engineer
Skills
Core JAVA, JSP, Oracle/SQL, HTML, XML
Responsibilities
Java coder
Reports designing and generation
Oracle query writing.
Tools
IBM WebSphere, Oracle SQL Developer, 




Morgan Stanley - TCS BANCS Implementation

Period
October-2010 to May-2012
Description
TCS BANCS is a universal, integrated Banking solution for operations in a global environment. TCS BANCS supports the complete range of a Bank's middle and back office activities, and provides full integration of front office functions. 
TCS BANCS incorporates core banking functionality to which additional layers of business functions can be added. These additional functions are offered as the Business Modules. 
Role
Assistant System Engineer
Skills
Core JAVA, JDBC, JSP, Oracle/SQL, HTML, XML, JavaScript, GIT Management, Hibernate
Responsibilities
Business rules management
Compiling the package and building EAR to deploy in Web logic/Web sphere
Defect/Bug fixing
Module Integration
Code Merging 
Maintaining the GIT repositories.

Tools
Eclipse, Rational Clear Case, GIT, Oracle SQL Developer, 




American Express – SSO support

Period
May-2012 to February-2013
Description
We provide support on all the SSO deployed servers. Since this is a highly critical support only the best people with attributes of responsibility and leadership qualities to make decisions on the spot are recruited. This is a 24/7 project to provide complete support on not only all the servers but also the Identity management for entire Amex database.
Role
Programmer Analyst
Skills
Identity Management, Light Weight Directory Access(LDAP), UNIX, Oracle Identity Analytics, SiteScope monitoring, Spring Framework, Hibernate
Responsibilities
Monitoring the smooth flow of Identity management.
Automation of monitoring through scripts
Monitoring all SSO servers through Sitescope
Complete hands-on on IDM tools like Oracle Identity Analytics
LDAP directory servers

Tools
IDM tools, Sitescope, LDAP

 Education 
    

Course
Institution
University
Year
Percentage


10th
New Horizon Public School
ICSE
2003
84


PUC
St. Joseph's PRE University
State Board
2005
84


B.E.
New Horizon College of Engineering
VTU
2009
70








Personal Profile 

Father’s Name
Muthu Kumar P
Mother’s Name
Vijayalatha M
Date of Birth
17h October 1987
Nationality
Indian
Sex
Male
Languages known
English, Hindi, Tamil, Kannada,
Hobbies & Interests
Meditation, Playing Tennis, Volley ball and Basket Ball, Listening to music.

                             
                                                                                                                

