
Mahesh Asangi		                            
E-mail: maheshasangi@gmail.com (08983536407) 	 

Objective:

To pursue a challenging career wherein I will be able to learn continuously and grow consistently and add value to the organization through my capabilities and learning.

Summary: 

Having 27 months of working experience on object oriented programming (C++) in TELECOM domain. 
Currently working with Tata Consultancy Services for Ericsson and Kapsch CarrierCom client. Also have good knowledge on core java, UNIX and SQL.
Having in depth knowledge in requirement gathering from client side.

Academic Profile:

BE (Electronics and communication) from Visvesvaraya Technological University with an aggregate of 74% during year 2010. 

Technical Strength: 

Technology background with in-depth, hands-on experience in object oriented component technologies.
 Knowledge on core JAVA, UNIX and SQL.
 Worked on various tools and utilities including Clearcase, Eclipse, Quality-center, Clarify and Putty.

Skills Set :

Programming Languages  : 
C++, C. Basics of UNIX, LINUX & SQL.
Domain                                :
Telecom MGC (Media Gateway Controller). CDMA Network.
Protocols                             :
H.248, SIP, ISUP.
Operating System              : 
Windows 98/2000/XP, UNIX,LINUX
Tools                                    :
Clearcase, Eclipse, Putty and Clarify.


Education :

Course
University/Board
Institution
Aggregate (%)
B.E (ECE)
Visvesvaraya Technological University, Belgaum.
Basaveshwar Engg. College, Bagalkot.
73.94
P.U.C
P.U.E Board Bangalore.
Basaveshwar Science College, Bagalkot.
80.33
S.S.L.C
Karnataka Secondary Education Examination Board.
New High School Jalihal, Badami.
81.44

Professional Details :

Sr. No.
Organization Details
From
To
1
Tata Consultancy Services Ltd.
November 2010.
Till Date

PROJECTS :

1.Project Name
“Kairos 13U Migration”
Client
Kapsch CarrierCom
Project Abstract
This project is mainly a migration from “12U atca chassis” to “13U atca chassis”. Basically we are developing a new system for a telecom network named as Kairos. This system provides the basic platform for all the future applications for Austrian railways.
Role
I am currently working in porting the code to new architecture with some enhancements in the older architecture. 
Environment
C, C++, UNIX, LINUX, Clearcase.


2.Project Name
MGC (Media Gateway Controller)
Client
Ericsson.
Project Abstract
MGC (Media gateway Controller) or GWC is the node in a telecom network which establishes bearer (voice) connection between pair of MG (Media Gateway).
Main aim of MGC is to exchange the codec information between the pair of MG hence establishing a voice path for a call.
MGC PLM (Product Line Management) is the one in which make customer needs to be satisfied with enhancements and handling critical live sites issues.
Role
Involved in feature, enhancement and sustenance of MGC. 
As a part of MGC PLM was actively involved in enhancements and resolving the issues from live sites by satisfying customer without any escalation.
Environment
C++, basics of Unix & Linux, Clearcase.




Extra Activities:

Presentation:
Presented a paper on “A REAL TIME FACE RECOGNITION SYSTEM USING CUSTOM VLSI” at SDM College, Dharwad.
Participated in National level Technical Paper Presentation in REC, Hulkoti.
Presented a paper on “DOMASTIC LOAD CONTROL USING DTMF” at KLE College, Belgaum.
Participation:

Organized Technical Competitions in the Collage.
Played Basketball Tournament in Collage as a captain.



Personal Information:

Name:
Mahesh Asangi
Gender: 
  Male  

D.O.B:
29th March 1988
Mobile No.: 
+91-8983536407 , 09738784657
Passport No.: 
H8693151
Interests:
Playing Cricket & Basketball, listening To music & making friends.
Permanent Address:
S/o Y.S.Asangi, Sector No 08, Plot No 64, Navanagar, Bagalkot -587103.


Declaration: 

I MAHESH.Y.ASANGI, hereby declare that the details given above are true to my knowledge and belief.


Date:   									                     Mahesh Asangi

