
RESUME
 
MOUSUMI BEJ
Mobile: +91-8095993580
Email: moushmibej@gmail.com
Experiences: 4+years
    
Summary:-

Having more than 4years of experience in Software Development and implementation of various application software as well as System Software, my core areas of skills include Core Java.

Primary Skill:-

Core Java

Secondary Skills:

DBMS	: Oracle9i
Internet Technology	: JSP, Servlets, HTML,GWT
Job Function	: Requirement - Analysis, Design, Coding, Testing & Documentation.
Language                      : SQL
OS/Environment          : Windows 2003, Windows 95/98
Tools	: Eclipse
Others	: Completed two lean Six Sigma projects.


PROJECTS:-

Project 1

Project 	SIP (System Integration Platform)
Employer	Causeway 
Type	Business Applications 
Role	Client communication / Developer
Platform	Windows
Technology/Software	Core JAVA, GWT, jBPM(BPM Tool)
Duration	June 2012 to till date
Client	Causeway

Workflow is a cloud based application, that allows Causeway to automate and streamline construction related business processes to increase efficiencies, improve supplier data quality. 
I have basically worked on jBPM which is a BPM tool used to provide workflows to the architects to know where the process lies and with whom in a construction module. This involves GWT technology and Core java.                    

Responsibilities:
Requirement gathering and analysis 
Prepared functional specification design documents
Developed major UI part of the application and provided cost effective solutions in GWT for  jBPM
Provided support for the critical issues in the application.
Guiding team in critical issues


Project 2

Project 	SIM (Supplier Information Management)
Employer	iGATE
Type	Business Applications 
Role	Client communication / Developer
Platform	Windows
Technology/Software	Core JAVA
Duration	July 2009 to May 2012
Client	GE


SIM (Supplier Information Management) is a web-based application, that allows GE to automate and streamline supplier information-related business processes to increase efficiencies, improve supplier data quality, drive compliance, and reduce costs. Furthermore, SIM offers GE’s suppliers an easy-to-use, self-service interface to author and maintain information required to do business with GE at both the corporate and business-unit levels. SIM allowed GE to create, configure, and launch a new set of firm-wide supplier enablement and management processes that offer task-level information and visibility to all global users via role-based dashboards and alerts.	                    

Responsibilities:
Requirement gathering and analysis
Prepared functional specification design documents, SOP and test cases
Developed  major part of the application and provided cost effective solutions
Status Reporting to Client
Provided support for the critical issues in the application
Involved in code review and defect fixing activities
Guiding team in critical issues
Excellent exposure to end users

Project 3 

Project 	Account Reconciliation (Auto Assignment Process)
Employer	iGATE
Type	Business Critical Applications
Role	Client communication / Developer
Platform	Windows
Technology/Software	Core JAVA
Duration	Jan to June 2009
Client	GE
 
Account Reconciliation is a web based project through which transaction for any account can be reconcilited in a very convenient way. It is run by an auto assignment process. Through this process we can identify new accounts and generate the SSD and KAI.auto assignment process reduces a lot of time in reconciliation.	                    
 
Responsibilities:
Requirement gathering and analysis
Prepared functional specification design documents, SOP and test cases
Developed  major part of the application and provided cost effective solutions
Status Reporting to Client
Provided support for the critical issues in the application
Involved in code review and defect fixing activities
Guiding team in critical issues
Excellent exposure to end users Mentor
Provided KT to new team members on both technical and functional aspects.
Assigned tasks to them and constantly monitored their progress. 

Awards / Achievements:-

1) Won VCA (Valuable Contribution Award, organization level) for SIM (Supplier Information Management).
2) Completed a Lean Six Sigma project on Aravo GSL. 
3) Won Team Award.  (For year 2009)
4) Cleared Level1 Internal Certification for Java/J2EE LOT in Patni.
5) POB (Pat on back) for value addition in project by customer.


Education Qualification:

Sl no
Type
Institute
% of Marks
Year of passing
1
B-Tech
National Institute of Science and Technology(NIST),Orissa
73
2008
2
ISC
ST.Joseph’s Convent School, Orissa
73
2003
3
ICSE
ST.Joseph’s Convent School, Orissa
79
2001


  

DECLARATION

I hereby declare that the statements made above are true, complete and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. I also certify that I am at present in sound and mental and physical condition to undertake employment with the organization.





Date:          
Place: Bangalore                                                                                       Mousumi Bej
