
  Email-id: navakumar.87@gmail.com
NAVAKUMAR . N          				  Mobile No: +91 9663368175	
								                 
Career Objective
To work with dedication that stimulates learning through work, and to deliver the responsibilities assigned to me to the best of my abilities utilizing all my knowledge being flexible and innovative.
Professional Summary

Having 3 Years and 07 months of experience in development, deployment of Enterprise applications using Java and JavaScript technologies.
Working as a Associate Consultant in Oracle Financial services Software, Bangalore from June 2011 to till date.
Worked as a Software Engineer in Keane International India Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore from June 2009 to April 2011.
Involved in developing the applications using Core Java, JavaScript, XSL, SQL ,PLSQL technologies.
Having good knowledge in Web logic ,OC4J ,Web sphere. 
Working in Banking domain (net banking) 
Working in Flex cube Direct Banking (Leap Frame work).

Trainings Attended
Core Java, JavaScript, HTML, CSS, SQL training for 45 days from Keane International India Pvt Ltd.
Project specific trainings on Flex cube direct banking in Oracle Financial services Software.
Key Activities
Good team player with excellent technical, interpersonal skills.
Effective problem solving skills. interested in learning new tools and technologies.
Flexibility in adopting a new environment and new technologies.


Project Description

Project 1: 
Flex cube Direct Banking - (Up to 6 Europe Bank projects)
Client:	
Oracle financial services  software 
Location: 
Bangalore
Period: 	
June 2012 – Till Date
Description: 
Deployed the product (flex cube ) and done many customizations required by the bank and also supported them to rectify issues
Position: 
Team member
Contribution:
Setting up the environment in offshore team
Migrating the older version to new version
Replaced the old products (3 rd party's banking product)  which bank was using for the day with our product(Flex cube in net banking)
Single handedly supported 2 banks at a time and worked on Vasco API (security token )  and given training to fresher's in my team
Technologies: 
 Core Java, Java script , XSL ,Sql, PLSQL and XML related technologies
Application servers
Web logic ,OC4J , Web sphere
Tools
Flex cube direct banking , Eclipse , Sql developer 




Project 2: 
Morgan Stanley (Keane International India Pvt. Ltd )
Location: 
Bangalore
Period: 	
Jan 2011 – April 2011
Description: 
Done customization and also done support in the application related to report generations 
Position: 
Team member
Contribution:

Setting up the environment at Offshore.
Development of the new module.
Technologies: 
Core Java, Unix, SQL ,PLSQL Framework, Shell scripting





Academic Details

B.TECH( ECE ) – PSNA College of Engineering and Technology, Dindigul
 (Anna University).Year - 2008 with 76%
H.S.C – V.C . Hr. Sec. School, Chennai. Year - 2004 with 92.5 %
S.S.L.C – Sri A.L.V Hr. Sec. School, C.pudupatti. Year - 2002 with 95 %

Personal Information

Date of Birth	  	: 10th June 1987
Marital Status	: Single
Email			: navakumar.87@gmail.com
Mobile		: +91 9663368175
Nationality		: Indian

Declaration

I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my    knowledge and belief.



Place: Bangalore								(Navakumar .N)
