
Nethravathi                                            

Mail: Nethravathik409@gmail.com
No.120, Doddathogur,  Electronic city, 
Cell : +91-8892378450
Bangalore - 560100, Karnataka.


Professional Summary


As a Software Developer offering around 2+ years of experience, I have a strong software background, having firm knowledge in Java, J2EE, Oracle 10g, Oracle 11g, SQL Server 2005, HTML, JavaScript, XSL, XML,Unix, Windows Server 2000, Microsoft Enterprise SQL server. I am working for FinacleCRM, which is a part of the Finacle suite of the banking product of Infosys.  And supporting live production system to fix the issues. Possess excellent professional ability to work independently and as a team member with good commutation skills .Able to 'think outside the box' in this challenging, fast paced environment.

Expertise Includes 

Solid proficiency in programming technique of Core Java, Advanced java, J2EE, Hibernate, Struts,
Experience in database applications of RDBMS in ORACLE as DBA.
Experience in working on unix servers.
Expertise in Implementing Configuration management tools like  VSS
Experience in estimation of the enhancement development, testing plan creation.
Diligent worker, self-starter and consistent performer with good analytical and presentation skills


Signature Strength 

Core Java ,J2EE and JSP
SQL 
Oracle

Career Summary



Proficient in Defect Fixing, Scripting.

Proficient in working on Unix Operating System.
Proficient in Enhancement of the existing features. 

Excellent Communication and People Skills.
Remarkable ability to synthesize and analyze complex information
Ability to adapt well and perform in new competitive environments
Capability to work well in both team environment and individual assignments
A motivated and diligent team player utilizing excellent communication, interpersonal skills with strong analytical mind-set to learn quickly, to analyze the situation, identify requirements and provide solution.







Education:                                                                                                                                        

Bachelor of Engineering (B.E)  in 
Electrical and Electronics
Bangalore University
University Vishveshwaraya college of Engineering

Work Experience:  2+ Years

Working as Software Engineer in Infosys Limited , Bangalore From Sep 2010 to Till Date.
Technical Expertise:

Operating Systems	      	: Windows XP/win7, Unix
Programming Languages  	: C,Core Java, Java, JavaScript,XSL ,Hibernate, struts, J2EE,SQL, PL/SQL, MQ series
Databases                            	Database			: ORACLE, MYSQL, PLSQL
Scripting Languages		: Javascript, XML, JSP,HTML
Tools/IDE			: Eclipse, VSS, SQL Developer
Utility tools                                          : Toad, FileZila , Cygwin, X-Manager ,Beyond Compare, SSO – Telnet WsFtp, MS Office


Project Annexure 

Project: FinacleCRM (Systems Engineer)                                                                                                                          Feb2011– Till Date                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                             
 Location: Bangalore
Description of the project:
FinacleCRM (Finacle Customer Relationship Management) is part of the Finacle suite of banking products by Infosys. FinacleCRM deals with all the customer facing aspects of any banking environment. 
Role:  
As a Developer I response  to the issues raised by banks, do analysis, provide the required fix and   implement the work around. Communicate to all the stakeholders and close the issue as per the service level agreement.
As a Data base manager I was solely responsible   for all creation and maintenance activities of database in our  team.
As a Configuration Controller I configured and maintained different Windows and Unix Servers which involved firing build and maintaining complete application and its release activities.  
I am a SPOC/ mentor for newly joined recruits; helping them with the basic start up training.
  Environment:  Java, J2EE, Oracle 10g, Oracle 11g, SQL Server 2005, HTML, JavaScript, XSL, XML,Unix, Windows Server 2000, Microsoft Enterprise SQL server

Responsibilities: 
As a developer, I was involved in:-
Part of the development team.
Involved in incidents & fixing the client related issues.
Involved in handling support related issues. 
Involved in Impact Analysis.
Understanding the application and analyzing the enhancements for this application and
explaining it to team.
Setting up the Workspace and involved in build activities.
Involved in Environment setup and migration of all the version of CRM application to latest versions says Oracle 8G to Oracle 11G and JAVA from 1.4  to 1.6 versions.

Infosys, Mysore                                                                                                                                                                                                                                Sep2010-Jan2011                                                    
 System Engineer Trainee
Training completed in: SDLC, SQL, PL/SQL,RDBMS, UNIX, HTML, XML, JAVA, J2EE, JSP,JFS, OOP Concepts, DAA.
STAR certified under the Personal Skills Development (PSD) Program

Achievements:

Won the GEM award under Young achiever category for Quarter IV Financial year 2011-2012 , Infosys. 

Personal Details:

Date of Birth: 30/10/1988
Sex: Female
Marital Status: Single
Nationality: Indian
Languages:  English, Hindi Kannada, Telgu.

Conclusion:

          I hereby declare that all the information given above are true to the best of my Knowledge.
Date: 22-Nov-2012					
Place: Bangalore										Nethravathi

											

